README.md, before:

# dat-mirror

`dat-mirror` is a service to persistently mirror your [dat](https://datproject.org/) p2p websites, intended to run on a permanently connected computer like a raspberry pi, so your sites stay available if you close your laptop, or if you just want to seed someone elses site.  It also serves your sites over an http mirror so anyone can see it, even on mobile.

This library uses the [discovery-swarm](https://github.com/mafintosh/discovery-swarm) p2p discovery package to make connecting to your service from anywhere easy, avoiding any port forwarding or any reliance on a third party server.

## Usage

#### Start the service on your persistent connection computer / raspberry pi, and note the mirror key
```
$ npm install -g dat-mirror
$ dat-mirror serve
> Your mirror key is <xxxxxxx>
```
#### Mirror any dat you are authoring from your client machine
If the first run, you will be asked for the mirror key from the server side step to connect to your service.
``` 
$ npm install -g dat-mirror
$ dat-mirror share <dat-key>
> Enter Mirror Key: <xxxxxxx>
> dat://<dat-key> now mirrored
> Also available at http://<yourserver.tld>/<dat-key>
```
Now your dat will be hosted by your server, and kept up to date as your site changes.

## Todo

- Make client a background daemon so if the server isn't currently available it will eventually connect and mirror.  In the meantime add a dat-mirror sync call
- Convert terminal gui into a web frontend, currently if you systemd start the server you can never see the status
- Add ability to set a subdomain from `dat-mirror share`

Commit message:

Add subdomain option to share

README.md, after:

# dat-mirror

`dat-mirror` is a service to persistently mirror your [dat](https://datproject.org/) p2p websites, intended to run on a permanently connected computer like a raspberry pi, so your sites stay available if you close your laptop, or if you just want to seed someone elses site.  It also serves your sites over an http mirror so anyone can see it, even on mobile.

This library uses the [discovery-swarm](https://github.com/mafintosh/discovery-swarm) p2p discovery package to make connecting to your service from anywhere easy, avoiding any port forwarding or any reliance on a third party server.

## Usage

#### Start the service on your persistent connection computer / raspberry pi, and note the mirror key
```
$ npm install -g dat-mirror
$ dat-mirror serve
> Your mirror key is <xxxxxxx>
```
#### Mirror any dat you are authoring from your client machine
If the first run, you will be asked for the mirror key from the server side step to connect to your service.
``` 
$ npm install -g dat-mirror
$ dat-mirror share <dat-key>
> Enter Mirror Key: <xxxxxxx>
> dat://<dat-key> now mirrored
> Also available at http://<yourserver.tld>/<dat-key>
```
Now your dat will be hosted by your server, and kept up to date as your site changes.

## Todo

- Make client a background daemon so if the server isn't currently available it will eventually connect and mirror.  In the meantime add a dat-mirror sync call
- Convert terminal gui into a web frontend, currently if you systemd start the server you can never see the status
- Show sync status on server to tell when its safely downloaded
